c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll.config
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
c:\users\24doksan-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
C:\Users\24Doksan-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\24Doksan-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\24Doksan-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\24Doksan-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll.config
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
D:\Proje\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll.config
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.dll
C:\Users\ALIDOGAN\Desktop\HaberSistemi\HaberSistemi.UI\obj\Debug\HaberSistemi.UI.pdb
